and finally I would like to thank you
for this man in Jesus this man who
pursued me to the ends of the earth who
worked so hard to make us happy
amen amen they just sometimes I want to
cry when I think about yeah yeah I'm gay
you're what
gay gay gay gay gay have been as long as
I can remember what do you see I see
what there's no we're uh huh it didn't
take me long to realize being gay is
really expensive so I became a con man
yeah sure charge
chok credit card fraud I was selling bad
tomatoes anything to make a buck maybe
it wasn't the right thing to do what I
called all your references well they
couldn't speak more highly yes I cannot
speak more highly about Stephen Russell
maybe it wasn't the moral thing to do
you on the lam again we'll always knew
me best but I have no choice Stephen
Russell you're sentenced to 25 years
my name is Stephen Russell
nice to meet you Stephen Russell my name
is Phillip Morris this is destiny
[Applause]
the hell is that well that is discrete
to next door I don't get any sleep ever
do you pay to have this creature beat up
yeah
that is the most romantic thing that
anyone ever did for me
we'll be together soon I promise you
can't escape in prison I have an early
release order for Philip Morris and you
are I'm his lawyer we want you to be our
chief financial officer how big was this
Christmas bonus pretty big until I yeah
I thought it was weird too
Jesus has a plan for you well maybe this
is stealing something that goes here in
the noon
[Music]
you